README.md, before:

This is a fork of the QuickSmelt plugin on uMod.

https://umod.org/plugins/quick-smelt

Differences from uMod version:

- Smelting/cooking animations are actually accurate
- Smelting/cooking multiple items at once does not increase efficiency (like vanilla)
- Multipliers are baselined against vanilla
- Electric furnaces work
- Furnaces started via electricity or igniters will function the same as furnaces started directly by a player (uMod version will not detect this, causing furnaces to use vanilla rates in those cases)
- Increasing speed simply increases the amount that is smelted at once, so you can't achieve rates like 0.5x, 1.5x or 2.5x, but you can do 2x, 3x, etc.

Furnace short names:

- `bbq.static`
- `bbq.static_hidden`
- `campfire_static`
- `furnace_static`
- `hobobarrel_static`
- `small_refinery_static`
- `bbq.deployed`
- `campfire`
- `fireplace.deployed`
- `furnace.large`
- `furnace`
- `ackolantern.angry`
- `jackolantern.happy`
- `refinery_small_deployed`
- `cursedcauldron.deployed`
- `skull_fire_pit`
- `hobobarrel.deployed`

Commit message:

Document that smelting frequencies config has no effect

README.md, after:

This is a fork of the QuickSmelt plugin on uMod.

https://umod.org/plugins/quick-smelt

Differences from uMod version:

- Smelting/cooking animations are actually accurate
- Smelting/cooking multiple items at once does not increase efficiency (like vanilla)
- Multipliers are baselined against vanilla
- Electric furnaces work
- Furnaces started via electricity or igniters will function the same as furnaces started directly by a player (uMod version will not detect this, causing furnaces to use vanilla rates in those cases)
- Increasing speed simply increases the amount that is smelted at once, so you can't achieve rates like 0.5x, 1.5x or 2.5x, but you can do 2x, 3x, etc.
- Smelting Frequencies config has no effect -- If you want to increase frequency, increase the speed settings

Furnace short names:

- `bbq.static`
- `bbq.static_hidden`
- `campfire_static`
- `furnace_static`
- `hobobarrel_static`
- `small_refinery_static`
- `bbq.deployed`
- `campfire`
- `fireplace.deployed`
- `furnace.large`
- `furnace`
- `ackolantern.angry`
- `jackolantern.happy`
- `refinery_small_deployed`
- `cursedcauldron.deployed`
- `skull_fire_pit`
- `hobobarrel.deployed`
